# Release 21.11 (“?”, 2021.11/??) {#release-21.11}

In addition to numerous new and upgraded packages, this release has the following highlights:

* Support is planned until the end of April 2022, handing over to 22.05.

## Highlights

## New Services

## Backward Incompatibilities

* The `staticjinja` package has been upgraded from 1.0.4 to 2.0.0
* The `paperless` module and package have been removed. All users should migrate the to
  successor `paperless-ng` instead. The Paperless project [has been
  archived](https://github.com/the-paperless-project/paperless/commit/9b0063c9731f7c5f65b1852cb8caff97f5e40ba4)
  and advices all users to use `Paperless-ng` instead.

  Users can use the `services.paperless-ng` module as a replacement while noting the following incompatibilities:
    * `services.paperless.ocrLanguages` has no replacement. Users should migrate to [`services.paperless-ng.extraConfig`](options.html#opt-services.paperless-ng.extraConfig) instead:
     ```nix
     {
       services.paperless-ng.extraConfig = {
       # Provide languages ISO 639-2 codes
       # separated by a  plus (+) sign.
       # https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-2_codes
        PAPERLESS_OCR_LANGUAGE = "deu+eng+jpn"; # German & English & Japanse
       };
     }
     ```

    * If you previously specified `PAPERLESS_CONSUME_MAIL_*` settings in
      `services.paperless.extraConfig` you should remove those options now. You
      now *must* define those settings in the admin interface of paperless-ng.

    * `services.paperless.manage` has no replacement. The management command is
      now always an alias for the paperless-ng program within the
      `paperless-ng` package (which can be specified, and overriden, using the
      `services.paperless-ng.package` option).

    * After switching to the new system configuration you should run the Django
      management command to reindex your documents and optionall create a user,
      if you don't have one already.

      To do so change to your data directory (the value of
      `services.paperless-ng.dataDir`, `/var/lib/paperless` by default), switch
      to the paperless user and execut the management command like below:
      ```
      $ cd /var/lib/paperless
      $ su paperless -s /bin/sh
      $ ./paperless-ng-manage document_index reindex
      # if not already done create a user account, paperless-ng requires a login
      $ ./paperless-ng-manage createsuperuser
      Username (leave blank to use 'paperless'): my-user-name
      Email address: me@example.com
      Password: **********
      Password (again): **********
      Superuser created successfully.
      ```


## Other Notable Changes
